chore(README): Redact caution of migrating JS API of native stack (#2480)
software-mansion/react-native-screens: README.md

## Usage with [react-navigation](https://github.com/react-navigation/react-navigation)

> [!CAUTION]

> > JS API of the native stack has been moved from react-native-screens/native-stack to @react-navigation/native-stack since version v6. Currently, native stack v5 (still held by react-native-screens) is deprecated and will be removed in the upcoming major release. From now on, only @react-navigation/native-stack v7 will be supported by react-native-screens.

Reviewer: My suggestions:

```suggestion
> JS API of the native stack has been moved from `react-native-screens/native-stack` to `@react-navigation/native-stack` since version v6. Currently, native stack v5 (imported from `react-native-screens/native-stack`) is deprecated and will be removed in the upcoming **minor** release. `react-native-screens` v4 will support only `@react-navigation/native-stack` v7.
```
